docs(telemetry): align config and docs semantics for target, outfile, and CLI flags (#4066)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/configuration/settings.md

| Setting                                    | Type    | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                      | Default |
| ------------------------------------------ | ------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------- |
| `telemetry.enabled`                        | boolean | Whether or not telemetry is enabled.                                                                                                                                                                             |         |

> | `telemetry.target`                         | string  | Informational label for the telemetry destination (`local` or `gcp`). Does not control exporter routing; set `otlpEndpoint` or `outfile` to configure where data is sent.                                        |         |

Author: Good catch — updated to use fully-qualified names (`telemetry.otlpEndpoint`, `telemetry.outfile`) in 80425ba.

| `QWEN_TELEMETRY_ENABLED`                           | Set to `true` or `1` to enable telemetry. Any other value is treated as disabling it.                                                                                                                                                                                             | Overrides the `telemetry.enabled` setting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |

> | `QWEN_TELEMETRY_TARGET`                            | Sets an informational label for the telemetry destination (`local` or `gcp`). Does not control routing; use `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OTLP_ENDPOINT` or `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OUTFILE` to configure where data is sent.                                                                           | Overrides the `telemetry.target` setting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** Minor wording asymmetry within this PR's own rewrite. The same `target`-semantics clarification was applied to three rows in this commit, but only this env-var row drops the word "exporter" (and uses "use" instead of "set"):

- `docs/developers/development/telemetry.md:60` — "does not control **exporter** routing — **set** `otlpEndpoint` or `outfile` …"
- `docs/users/configuration/settings.md:476` — "Does not control **exporter** routing; **set** `telemetry.otlpEndpoint` or `telemetry.outfile` …"
- This row (`:575`) — "Does not control routing; **use** `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OTLP_ENDPOINT` or `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OUTFILE` …"

Aligning the three rows costs nothing and keeps the new terminology consistent for future grepping:

```suggestion
| `QWEN_TELEMETRY_TARGET`                            | Sets an informational label for the telemetry destination (`local` or `gcp`). Does not control exporter routing; set `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OTLP_ENDPOINT` or `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OUTFILE` to configure where data is sent.                                                                   | Overrides the `telemetry.target` setting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
```

_— claude-opus-4-7[1m] via Qwen Code /qreview_

> | `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OTLP_PROTOCOL`                     | Sets the OTLP protocol (`grpc` or `http`).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Overrides the `telemetry.otlpProtocol` setting.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: **[Suggestion]** The `QWEN_TELEMETRY_TARGET` environment variable description still reads "Sets the telemetry target (`local` or `gcp`)" — it was not updated to match the new semantics that `target` is an informational label only and does not control routing. The `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OUTFILE` row was updated in this PR; `QWEN_TELEMETRY_TARGET` should be too for consistency.

Also, the `--telemetry-target` CLI flag is marked `_(deprecated)_` in `telemetry.md`, but no corresponding deprecation notice exists here for the env var.

```suggestion
| `QWEN_TELEMETRY_TARGET` | Sets an informational label for the telemetry destination (`local` or `gcp`). Does not control routing; use `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OTLP_ENDPOINT` or `QWEN_TELEMETRY_OUTFILE` to configure where data is sent. | Overrides the `telemetry.target` setting. |
```

_— DeepSeek/deepseek-v4-pro via Qwen Code /review_

Author: Adopted — updated `QWEN_TELEMETRY_TARGET` description to match the informational-label semantics in ddb5e8e.
